Let's get started diving into this course sponsoring the most important question first what is I want
to go to.
Well the goal with ironic too is to create apps for Android or Windows.
And I'm speaking of native apps so apps running on those devices installed on those devices.
Now chances are you don't know swift Objective C and Java and Android framework and C-Sharp you don't
know all those languages you would need to know to develop apps for all those platforms.
You might know one or the Arab led from it maybe you don't even know that but you do know javascript
H.J. of L and C S S because you probably do know how to develop web apps now would be nice if you could
kind of take that knowledge take those web apps and transform them into native apps for iOS Android
and Windows.
Now it turns out there is a helpful tool a framework which does just that and it is not ironic to its
Apache Cordoba framework by Apache.
And what does Fromberg does is it compiles javascript H.M.S. as s so web apps into Iowa.
Android or Windows apps.
Now of course those apps have to follow a certain structure and be set up in a certain way.
But if that is the case a patch Cordoba is able to easily create those native apps for you.
Now where does ionic to come into play though.
Because this course is not about a party Cordoba.
Well chances are you don't want to create your web app with vanilla javascript team LNC as us but you
do know angular specifically angry to hear which is a great framework allowing you to create re-active
web applications.
Now we already have a way of compiling Angey words you code you could say so types could code into javascript.
T Molinsky is Escoto of creating such web applications.
Still ironic too is introduced as an extra step between angular to and the web app of our iOS Android
Windows part here.
What I want it to does is it gives you zem tooling which allows you to create projects following that
structure.
Apache quarter of needs.
In the end it will also compile your angular typescript code into a native word into a vanilla Chalis
could H.T. Melchior's as project.
Following that structure cordovan needs and it also gives you a rich component library with beautifully
styled components you will need for your mobile apps so like for example to a nice modals alerts slider's
tabs and so on and a lot of convenience tools help Braam efforts and much more.
So this is what I object to is a package toolset.
A command line interface in the end which we will install which allows you to easily create pre-configured
projects a workflow which will compile your Anglo code and which will also then trigger does Apache
coord of a compilation so that you never have to work with Apache code of it directly.
And is a rich library of convenience tools and these components you can use and that is all we need
to know about it for now we will see all those things in action soon.